# Spotify Search Bar
#### Video Demo:  <URL HERE>
#### Description:
Spotify Search Bar is a program that mimics a search bar by using Spotify Web API to perform data manipulation of songs, artists, and album details. It is written fully in Python.

The program starts by checking the user's internet connection. Without functioning internet, the program will not be able to reach Spotify's server. Then, the program prompt the user for input of songs, artists, or albums. It then requests data from Spotify Web API and displays the first 5 output of each type. If there is no results, however, the program will let the user know and prompt them for another input. After the results are displayed, the program asks the user whether they want to search for another keyword or not. If the user answers "y", the program will search for the new keyword. If the user answers "n", the program will ask whether or not they want to know more about a specific track, artist, or album. Based on user's enquiries, the program will show them the details of the specific track, artist, or album. This includes exclusive fun facts that can only be extracted using the API, such as the genre, followers, and popularity of an artist. After that, the program will ask whether or not the user want to perform another search. If the user answers "y", the program will iterate. Else, the program will exit. Users can see the expected responses and adjust accordingly by viewing the bracketed information in the question. All responses other than the options provided in the brackets and outside the scope will not be accepted.

## Confession
This project is far from perfect. It does not cover every bug and it can be more optimised. Future improvements will have to be made. For example, there are too much iteration involving the process of extracting user inputs and displaying results. These problems should be solved by turning those processes into functions and ca. For now, it will, at least, accomplish its promises successfully 90% of the time.

## Real Confession
This project took me about 24 hours in total. I could have done better, but currect circumstances and implications shifted my priority list. Also, this program is not really useful other than for curiosity purposes. However, I learned some things about using API, which was not taught in the CS50 course. I chose Python for the language because